# CL*

## Rationale

Common lisp language is one of the few languages that have an actual ANSI
standard that covers language itself and a set of standard symbols.

Unforunately standard does not cover quite a lot of functionality that
is expected from any modern language, like handy string manipulation,
io libraries etc, that make it easier to implement common tasks.

Idea of the project is to analyze standard libraries of the languages
like javascript (with node.js), python, rust, go and others that can serve
as a nice example.

If there are any community accepted solutions for any given topic, Cl*
can provide them as part of the distribution.

## Word of warning

It's an attempt to make a prototype. Please don't be surprised to see
project being abndoned or breaking compatibility at this stage.

## Possible topics to cover

* File operations
* Path operations
* Input/Output
* Network operations
* Threading
* Parsing -json, yaml etc.
* Useful datastructures - sets?
* Functional programming utilities (underscore.js?)
* Immutable data structures?
* Threading macros? (`cl-arrows`)
* Replacements for some default common lisp constructs (like let)

## Possible implementation plan

Every area should live in a separate namespace like `cl*/io`, default subset
from all namespaces should be imported from `cl*/common`.

All namespaces should have extensive documentation with examples in the
autogenerated format, that gets automatically generated in some meaningful
presentation (e.g. `readthedocs.io`)

## Contributing

Please contribute with the help of pull requests. On this stage we'd like
to brainstorm possible additions to the project to understand the scope
of the task.

As a next step we will start with implementation, which will have to conform
to several requirements like

* Tests
* Extensive documentation with examples
* To be defined!

## License

To be defined. Can be something like Apache 2.0 or original license of the
parts where code was borrowed.

